hello and welcome back to 500 students
at Marion Arkham night
first up is car assassin and by this
anybody favorite new thing in the game
the Batmobile just runs people over
really fun I didn't I know they can do
that and it's one rule about killing
well somehow it doesn't kill anybody
when it's doing all this run PP runner
running people over or just shooting
them with suppressing rounds and
knocking it out pretty sure this all
would kill them instantly next up is
duel fighting a very fun new technique
in this game is when you do a fight with
one of your allies
whether it's Robin Catwoman or I think
Nightwing yeah coffee you can just fight
with each other and think everybody get
help really fun then there's one move
where you can take somebody out with
both of them at the same time like this
and if you sneak at the end with a big
boys you can dole take him down
instead of having to punch him for like
10 seconds take him out just one button
next step is to use your new skills
obviously new game means new skills and
for starters or towards the end of the
game actually don't know why put this in
first there's a new device I let you I
don't know command people or like you
have their voice you can tell them where
to go and I mean like I walked into a
wall and this is a new fear takedown but
you can instantly take them a lot of
enemies in a few seconds and you can
also shut off machines and disable them
for a few seconds
and just you can actually use
environment like your back wheels right
there we can use it to take out somebody
or you can throw them into my electrical
fence or you can throw them into a pipe
and have it burst which is always fun
next step is to listen to your thoughts
so figure out the whole game
Joker's with you and here's what he has
to say and then after killing me you
said you would have don't worry about
robbing Batsy I'm sure he won't die no
Fanny's hurt in any way
scarecrow probably just pom-pom full of
fear gas then steal his little throat oh
what a waste
the real dynamic duo there's only one
way to stop the pussy oh boy and then
you might get a little tired of him so
you can just do that and yet he is still
not banished from your thoughts next up
is to live your dreams and the one thing
anybody's been waiting for is just to
drop the bat movie on a video game like
an actual good video game with the
valley graphical details and the more
Batmobile actually does a lot you'd have
it Gillan tiles to do loop-de-loops here
and they're leaving requires and some
missions with the Riddler we as you race
around in there which I did not report
by which I did and probably the one
other fun thing about is just to take as
many enemies as you can there's one
scene towards the end where you have to
take out 60 I think these things so I
just spent this all through and with me
killing all them and it was really fun
and then at the end of the game
it happens you have to say goodbye yeah
and then yeah second one so that's
always been